### Release Notes Version 1.1

## GTK

* Added levuaska theme module and custom package, to potentially allow a light/dark theme switch in the future based on time of day.
* Updated package maintainer on sweetly gtk theme custom package.

## Home-manager

* Continued to migrate user specific configuration into appropriate home-manager modules.

## Neovim

* Removed vim-notes and vim-misc plugins.
* Added neorg plugin. (Configuration is a WIP, keybindings still have to be configured.)
* Added nvim-cmp plugin. (Configuration is not completed.)
* Added nvim-tree-lua plugin. (Configuration is base configuration, no keybindings have been selected.)
* Added nvim-treesitter plugin. (Configuration is mostly completed. Need to add :TSUpdate as an autocommand on startup.)
* Added nvim-web-devicons plugin. (Configuration is default.)
* Added plenary plugin.
* Added telescope-nvim plugin. (Configuration is not completed.)

## System

* Continued to migrate system configuration into appropriate modules.
* Updated flake lock file to newer version of nixpkgs.
* Updated trusted-users parameter to match current syntax.

## Zsh

* Configured zsh to be the default shell for all users on this host.
* Configured user selene's zsh config to use pure prompt plugin
* Configured user selene's zsh config to use autopair plugin
* Configured user selene's zsh config to use autosuggestions plugin
* Configured user selene's zsh config to use system clipboard plugin (Note this doesn't work atm, due to no system clipboard package being installed.)
* Configured user selene's zsh config to use syntax highlighting plugin

## Other Minor Changes

* Alacritty opacity config parameter changed to match new version.
* Cleaned up root directory in nixfiles.
* Updated README.md file to reflect current state of system configuration.